Cpu hotspot getting started (#2901)
ArmDeveloperEcosystem/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/cpu_hotspot_atp/how-to-2.md

A fractal is a pattern that shows detail at many scales, often with self-similar structure. Fractals are usually generated by repeatedly applying a simple mathematical rule. In the Mandelbrot set, each pixel corresponds to a complex number, which is iterated through a basic recurrence. How quickly the value “escapes” (or whether it stays bounded) determines the pixel’s color and produces the familiar Mandelbrot image.

You don’t need to understand the Mandelbrot algorithm in detail to follow this learning path—we’ll use it primarily as a convenient, compute-heavy workload for profiling. If you'd  like to learn more, please refer to the [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandelbrot_set) page for more information.
 

## Connect to APT Target

> Please refer to the [installation guide](https://learn.arm.com/install-guides/atp) if it is your first time setting up Arm Total Performance. In this learning path, I will be connecting to an AWS Graviton3 metal instance (`m7g.metal`) with 64 Neoverse V1 cores. From the host machine, test the connection to the remote server by navigating to `'Targets`->`Test Connection`. You should see the successul connection below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [installation guide](https://learn.arm.com/install-guides/atp) if it is your first time setting up Arm Performix. In this learning path, I will be connecting to an AWS Graviton3 metal instance (`m7g.metal`) with 64 Neoverse V1 cores. From the host machine, test the connection to the remote server by navigating to `'Targets`->`Test Connection`. You should see the successul connection below. 
```

> Please refer to the [installation guide](https://learn.arm.com/install-guides/atp) if it is your first time setting up Arm Total Performance. In this learning path, I will be connecting to an AWS Graviton3 metal instance (`m7g.metal`) with 64 Neoverse V1 cores. From the host machine, test the connection to the remote server by navigating to `'Targets`->`Test Connection`. You should see the successul connection below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [installation guide](https://learn.arm.com/install-guides/atp) if it is your first time setting up Arm Performix. In this learning path, I will be connecting to an AWS Graviton3 metal instance (`m7g.metal`) with 64 Neoverse V1 cores. From the host machine, test the connection to the remote server by navigating to `'Targets`->`Test Connection`. You should see the successul connection below. 
```
